agent: use TLS types for config (#11647)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/agent/options.mdx

  the hostname we declare.

- `tls_min_version` Added in Consul 0.7.4, this specifies

>   the minimum supported version of TLS. Accepted values as of Consul 1.11.0 are "TLSv1_0",
>   "TLSv1_1", "TLSv1_2", or "TLSv1_3". This defaults to "TLSv1_2". WARNING: TLS 1.1 and
>   lower are generally considered less secure; avoid using these if possible.
>   Deprecated values of "tls10", "tls11", "tls12" and "tls13" are currently still accepted
>   but will emit a warning during configuration and will be removed in a future release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the minimum supported version of TLS. The following values are accepted:  
  * `TLSv1_0`
  * `TLSv1_1` 
  * `TLSv1_2` (default)
  * `TLSv1_3` 
WARNING: TLS 1.1 and older are generally considered less secure and should not be used if possible.
The following values are also valid, but they are deprecated and will be removed in a future release: 
* `tls10`
* `tls11` 
* `tls12` 
* `tls13`
A warning message will appear if a deprecated value is specified.
```
I'm not sure if we are able to use bullets here because this is already a list, but we should use code font for the possible values.

> - `tls_cipher_suites` Added in Consul 0.8.2, this specifies the list of

Author: TODO: Update search link below.
